README.md, before:

Mashweb My Rails Composer
================

[![Deploy to Heroku](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

This application was generated with the [rails_apps_composer](https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer) gem
provided by the [RailsApps Project](http://railsapps.github.io/).

Rails Composer is supported by developers who purchase our RailsApps tutorials.

Problems? Issues?
-----------

Need help? Ask on Stack Overflow with the tag 'railsapps.'

Your application contains diagnostics in the README file. Please provide a copy of the README file when reporting any issues.

If the application doesn't work as expected, please [report an issue](https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer/issues)
and include the diagnostics.

Ruby on Rails
-------------

This application requires:

- Ruby 2.3.3
- Rails 5.0.1

Learn more about [Installing Rails](http://railsapps.github.io/installing-rails.html).

Getting Started
---------------

Documentation and Support
-------------------------

Issues
-------------

Similar Projects
----------------

Contributing
------------

Credits
-------

License
-------

Commit message:

Removed instances of the string "mashweb" (upper- and lowercase). Made mention of the fact that a fork of Rails Composer was used.

README.md, after:

Rails Composer
==============

[![Deploy to Heroku](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

IMPORTANT NOTE: This README.md was created by a fork of Rails Composer.
The fork can be found at https://github.com/tomelam/rails_apps_composer .

This application was generated with the [rails_apps_composer](https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer) gem
provided by the [RailsApps Project](http://railsapps.github.io/).

Rails Composer is supported by developers who purchase our RailsApps tutorials.

Problems? Issues?
-----------

Need help? Ask on Stack Overflow with the tag 'railsapps.'

Your application contains diagnostics in the README file. Please provide a copy of the README file when reporting any issues.

If the application doesn't work as expected, please [report an issue](https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer/issues)
and include the diagnostics.

Ruby on Rails
-------------

This application requires:

- Ruby 2.3.3
- Rails 5.0.1

Learn more about [Installing Rails](http://railsapps.github.io/installing-rails.html).

Getting Started
---------------

Documentation and Support
-------------------------

Issues
-------------

Similar Projects
----------------

Contributing
------------

Credits
-------

License
-------
